Add kb article for pie chart series color updates (#1086)
telerik/maui-docs: knowledge-base/chart-create-custom-palette.md

| Version | Product | Author | 
| --- | --- | ---- | 
| 10.0.0 | Chart for .NET MAUI | [Dobrinka Yordanova](https://www.telerik.com/blogs/author/dobrinka-yordanova)| 

## Description

> I want to change the default colors of the CartesianChart for bar series.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I want to change the default colors of the bar series in the CartesianChart. How can I achieve this?
```
